feature(database): General information on Databases (#250)
Shift3/standards-and-practices: best-practices/database/README.md

# Databases
A database is an organized collection of data, generally stored and accessed electronically from a computer system. Where databases are more complex they are often developed using formal design and modeling techniques. 

> At Shift3, we generally use T-SQL and NoSQL databases in our projects. More information can be found [here](https://www.altexsoft.com/blog/business/comparing-database-management-systems-mysql-postgresql-mssql-server-mongodb-elasticsearch-and-others/).

Reviewer: You might want to update the Shift3 reference.

Author: I totally missed that. I made the change before the announcement. 

Ill change it, thanks!

Author: fixed via: 4267c2a2ecbe5c136f87062bbc278fb541bafb89

> At Bitwise Industries, we generally use T-SQL and NoSQL databases in our projects. More information can be found [here](https://www.altexsoft.com/blog/business/comparing-database-management-systems-mysql-postgresql-mssql-server-mongodb-elasticsearch-and-others/).

Reviewer 2: I didn't realized we had projects that used T-SQL

Author: I kinda used this as a blanket term....but now that you brought it up, I think this is incorrect.

T-SQL is just something I got used to saying at an old job, but it really should be SQL.

Author: fixed via: 94db7296ec241a09378c4746d3ce99efcf8e304a

> Feel free to contact architect@bitwiseindustries.com if you are deciding on which database to use.

Reviewer: I would word this more strongly. New projects are supposed to go through a pass with an architect.

Author: How does:
```suggestion
If you and your team is starting a new project or deciding on a database to use, contact architect@bitwiseindustries.com.
```
look. That way its more explicit as well as covering two common scenarios.

Author: Changed via: f277d483354669343f0b1c7c57e69313d9e782d7

Reviewer: If you and your team are starting a new project or deciding on a database to use, contact architect@bitwiseindustries.com.

Author: Grammar is important. 

Fixed via: a1397fe413e144cbcba9e709633b68536fbeb2e1
